Clarify Deployment API Key Functionality (#120)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/api-keys.md

      <img src="/img/docs/create-api-key.png" alt="Create API Key button" />
    </div>

> From here, you can copy the API key ID and secret for use in API calls and CI/CD pipelines. The API key ID and secret are equivalent to a username and password that last indefinitely unless explicitly changed. Make sure to save the key secret securely, as this is the only time you will have access to see it in plain text.

Reviewer: What can a user do with the added sentence here? It's true, but I don't see how it connects to other concepts in the doc. If there's a security reason we're mentioning that they last indefinitely, we should be specific about that. Or better yet, include this in the Refresh section:

"While your API key and secret last indefinitely, the token they request for access to your Deployment last only for 24 hours"

:::tip

If you just need to make a single API call, you can use a temporary user authentication token instead of a Deployment API key ID and secret pair. To retrieve a temporary authentication token, go to `cloud.astronomer.io/token` and copy the token that appears. This token is valid only for 24 hours.

:::

> ## Refresh Access Token

Reviewer: Thinking back on this, we should add language that most closely resembles the error message that someone would receive when trying to use an unauthorized API key.

> ## Refresh Access Token

Author: Yea, I think what happens here is the token "expires" and you have to "get a new one", not necessarily "reauthorize it". Could land with `Refetch Access Token`?

> In order to deploy code on Astronomer with a Deployment API key, you need to use the API key ID and secret to fetch an access token. This access token is required by the Astronomer API to trigger the deploy code process. It is valid only for 24 hours. To fetch a token with an existing API key ID and secret, run the following API request:

Author: Yea, hm - I see your point that "You need this to deploy code" can be perceived as redundant with "it's required by the Astronomer API...". I think what I'm getting at is:

- To complete x use case, you need to do this
- This thing is a technical requirement for this component

Ultimately we're just telling the user you need it, but I'm giving them a bit more context to _what_ part of the process needs it since we're exposing the process in the CI/CD script anyway.

A few other things:
- An access token isn't _automatically_ fetched when you first create a Deployment API key. The only thing that process is doing is just creating the ID + secret for that key.
- You don't need to refresh it every 24 hours necessarily - you just need to refetch it every time you need it, if it's been past 24 hours since you last refreshed it. In other words, if you deploy once a week - you don't need to refresh it every 24 hours. You just need to do it once as week.

Good input here all around, but given the technical nuance I'm gonna keep my suggestion!

> In order for a machine or process to deploy code to a Deployment on Astronomer, a Deployment API key ID and secret are used to generate an access token that is valid for 24 hours. This access token is what has permissions to deploy code. To continue using an API key after its creation, you need to retrieve a new access token either every 24 hours or every time you need it if longer than 24 hours. To retrieve a new access token with an existing API key ID and secret, run the following API request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to deploy code on Astronomer, your Deployment API key needs an access token that is valid for 24 hours. This access token contains the necessary permissions to deploy code. To continue using an API key after its creation, you need to retrieve a new access token at least every 24 hours. To retrieve a new access token with an existing API key ID and secret, run the following API request:
```
First sentence isn't quite accurate, as you don't need a token to deploy code in every use case (unless you're counting `astro auth login`, which we should clarify if that's the case).

I think we also need to decide whether we really want to foreground the token as an aspect of API Key usage. My understanding was that this was temporary behavior and that we were developing a better process for authorizing API keys. If that's the case, maybe we should foreground API keys instead of tokens in this section.

> In order for a machine or process to deploy code to a Deployment on Astronomer, a Deployment API key ID and secret are used to generate an access token that is valid for 24 hours. This access token is what has permissions to deploy code. To continue using an API key after its creation, you need to retrieve a new access token either every 24 hours or every time you need it if longer than 24 hours. To retrieve a new access token with an existing API key ID and secret, run the following API request:

Author: ```suggestion
In order to automate deploying code on Astronomer, you need to use your Deployment API key ID and secret to fetch an access token that is valid for 24 hours. This access token contains the necessary permissions to deploy code. To fetch this token manually with an existing API key ID and secret, run the following API request:
```

```curl
curl --location --request POST "https://auth.astronomer.io/oauth/token" \
        --header "content-type: application/json" \
        --data-raw "{
            \"client_id\": \"<api-key-id>\",
            \"client_secret\": \"<api-key-secret>\",
            \"audience\": \"astronomer-ee\",
            \"grant_type\": \"client_credentials\"}" | jq -r '.access_token'
```

> Make sure to replace `api-key-id` and `api-key-secret` in this request with values that correspond to your own API key. To avoid fetching this token every 24 hours, we strongly recommend adding this API request to any CI/CD pipeline that uses Deployment API keys. That way, your access token is automatically refreshed every time your CI/CD pipeline needs it to complete the deploy code process. For more information, see [CI/CD on Astronomer](ci-cd).

Author: Yea, I think I just meant "so you don't have to do this manually". I'll take your suggestion here!

> Make sure to replace `api-key-id` and `api-key-secret` in this request with values that correspond to your own API key. We strongly recommend adding some form of this API request to any CI/CD pipelines that utilize Deployment API keys. For more information, see [CI/CD on Astronomer](ci-cd).

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure to replace `api-key-id` and `api-key-secret` in this request with values that correspond to your own API key. To avoid fetching this token every 24 hours, we strongly recommend adding this API request to any CI/CD pipeline that uses Deployment API keys. That way, your access token is automatically refreshed every time your CI/CD pipeline needs it to complete the deploy code process. For more information, see [CI/CD on Astronomer](ci-cd).
```
